https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-6676 GRC Column management (#5437)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: governance/manage_policy_intro.adoc

[#manage-security-policies]
= Manage security policies

> Manage your security policies and policy violations by using the _Governance_ dashboard to create, view, and edit your resources. You can create YAML files for your policies from the CLI and console. Continue reading for details about the _Governance_ dashboard from the console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Manage your security policies and policy violations by using the _Governance_ dashboard to create, view, and edit your resources. You can create YAML files for your policies from the command line and console. Continue reading for details about the _Governance_ dashboard from the console.
```

[#grc-view]
== Governance page

The following tabs are displayed on the _Governance_ page _Overview_, _Policy sets_, and _Policies_. Read the following descriptions to know which information is displayed:

- *Overview*
+
The following summary cards are displayed from the _Overview_ tab: _Policy set violations_, _Policy violations_, _Clusters_, _Categories_, _Controls_, and _Standards_.

- *Policy sets*
+
Create and manage hub cluster policy sets.

- *Policies*
+

> * Create and manage security policies. The table of policies list the following details of a policy: _Name_, _Namespace_, _Status_, _Remediation_, _Policy set_, _Cluster violations_, _Source_, _Automation_ and _Created_. When you expand the policy row, the _Description_, _Standards_, _Controls_, and _Categories_ are displayed.

Reviewer 2: Um.. this can confuse users because first time users only see the _Name_, _Namespace_, _Cluster violations_

Author: Thanks for confirming!

+
* You can edit, enable or disable, set remediation to inform or enforce, or remove a policy by selecting the *Actions* icon. You can view the categories and standards of a specific policy by selecting the drop-down arrow to expand the row.
+

> * Reorder your table columns in the _Manage column_ dialog box by selecting and moving the names. For columns that you want to appear in the table, click the check box. Select the _Manage column_ icon for the dialog box to be displayed.

Reviewer 2: To reorder, users have to drag the icon (drag icon) not name

Reviewer 2: Also  click check box or reorder, users must click the save button

Author: According the the IBM Style Guide, "drag and drop" should not be used 

![Screenshot 2023-08-25 at 12 47 03 PM](https://github.com/stolostron/rhacm-docs/assets/60616885/dd1d92b0-3b7c-4f5f-9183-30461469248d)
